you want to make a difference ready
let's go risk your life for a better
world some things you never see coming
Security's early
I want to be GI joe ready but I need you
to train me okay what do I need to do
well we need to get up at four in the
morning um and we're gonna do some
cardio or some yoga pilates meditation
whatever you want to do whatever's gonna
start your day that way then we're gonna
have breakfast what's for breakfast
what's for breakfast for me or for you
for both of us okay that's what we're
gonna do so because I want to look like
you ah ok what we're gonna do some
chicken breast some egg whites we do
some creeper weeds or some oatmeal
whatever you like either one then we're
going to go to the gym then we're going
to go back for round two of our workouts
and then we're going to go the set of GI
Joe
let's move wild ain't savin itself but I
was gonna get into Joe mode and I needed
you to cast me in this mess what would I
need to do uh you would need to learn
how to use a gun you would need to learn
some ninja action probably on wires and
fighting against about inside would be
really helpful and you probably put your
hair up a bit and carry a sword I'll be
right around here so not too much not
too much things I do in my everyday life
anyway yes yeah ninja special and your
glasses would be x ray like crazy
glasses that could like fire
we have to assume that there's no one we
can trust there is one man general call
me Joe how would you prep me to become a
Joe got the collar down yes so that's
good um I guess you need we'd have to
just throw you into boot camp ultimately
your for months and months on end and
you know make you work with military and
Harry Humphries was one of the original
Navy SEALs that we trained with you're
gonna meet him he's going to hurt you in
many different ways I look forward to
that he's going to break you he's gonna
give you weapons training you're gonna
do lots of weightlifting really gonna
eat chicken and broccoli haha that was
his diet I want yours french fries and
ya dig that works too I guess Mater Dei
didn't have an information at the time
it's all comes up with discipline I mean
you apply a little bit of discipline
make a lot of things happen no strings
in the ship you'll see it
resident says they can't come out of
retirement didn't say anything about
reenlisting